Updating EndpointSlice docs for 1.20 (#24935)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/enabling-endpointslices.md

## Enabling EndpointSlices

{{< note >}}

> Although EndpointSlices may eventually replace Endpoints, many Kubernetes
> components still rely on Endpoints. For now, enabling EndpointSlices should be
> seen as an addition to Endpoints in a cluster, not a replacement for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The EndpointSlice resource was designed to address shortcomings in a earlier resource:
Endpoints. Some Kubernetes components and third-party applications continue to use and rely
on Endpoints. Whilst that remains the case EndpointSlices should be seen as an addition to
Endpoints in a cluster, not as an outright replacement.
```

Author: Updated, thanks!

  gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) on
  kube-proxy.

> ## API Fields

Reviewer: (nit)
```suggestion
## API fields
```

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't this be title-case, `API Fields`?

Reviewer: Use sentence case for heading per https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#headings 

Not a deal-breaker though.

Author: Updated, thanks!

> Some fields in the EndpointSlice API are feature gated.

Reviewer 2: feature-gated

Author: Updated, thanks!
